
The 'p' in 'pcp' stands for 'project'.  The command is 'project copy'.


Source Limitations:

  1. there must be at least one source path
  2. source paths must exist in the filesystem before the copy starts

Target limitations

  1. there must be at least one target, it appears last on the argument list
  2. if the target path is imagined, we create it


Multiple commands point to the same program, argv[0] used to separate them.
This is done so that the defined functions may be shared more simply.

pcp <source>* target


Algorithm

  Setup tmp directory, gather sources into a tar file, expand the tar file at the target.

  
pcp options wish list

  

  seems we need commands pgather  and p2target that set options to make easier to
  do this incrementally.  Perhaps pgatheras p2targetas that take argument
  pairs for renaming.

  .. options to provide the tar gather and the tar expand options?


  -d
  --dir        

                  Specifies the gather directory. When not specified, pcp will
                  gather the source files into a temporary directory of its choosing.

  -i              
  --incremental

                 The default behavior is to delete the whole of the gather directory after
                 the copy to target step has succeeded.  With this option, each tar file
                 is individually deleted after it has been successfuly expanded into the
                 target.

  -k <value>
  -keep <value>

               .. might be better to give access to tar options for both the gather
               and the expansion and let the user override the defaults if they want to.

                Sets the clobber behavior.

                    always          if a file exists, don't overwrite it
                    always-source   when gathering, "
                    always-target   when copying to target, "

                    never          never keep existing files if another file is proposed
                    never-source   when gathering, "
                    never-target   when copying to target, "

                    newer           keep the newest file
                    newer-source    when gathering files, "
                    newer-target    when copying to target, "

                 With 'always' clobbering files that come later in the src argument list
                 will clobber those that are already gathered or copied to the target.

                 'always' is taken as the value if no value is given.
                 'never' is the default if the option is not specified

                 This option may appear more than once.  Later values clobber earlier ones ;-)

  -n             
  --no-delete   

                 The tar files in the gather directory are not deleted after being expanded
                 out at the target.  This option will override the --incremental option.
                 This options makes it possible to create multiple copies by running pcp
                 repeatedly with the --target-only option.
  -l
  --last

                  Options come before arguments.  This may only occur as the last option.
                  This is useful if an argument happens to start with a dash. It is a
                  good practice to include it in scripts.

  -s
  --source-only  

                  All command arguments are interpreted as sources. The sources are
                  gathered, but are not copied to the target. --source-only commands may
                  be run multiple times before running a default pcp command or a
                  --disperse-only command.  The command prints the name of the temporary
                  directory used.

  -t
  --target-only 

                  Requires that --dir also be specified. There may only be one argument.
                  The tar files in the gather directory are expanded out at the target.
                  
  -x <pattern>
  --exclude <pattner>

                  files to exclude from the copy


  -z
  --compress

                  Make compressed tar files.

  
  






